Dr Jameson: If you can hear me. It says it's still coming
Dr Jameson: Up here with me.
Dr Jameson: There. Hi, I'm Dr. Jane within
LG Harmony 3: Hey there.
Dr Jameson: I was watching a little thing.
Dr Jameson: percolate
Dr Jameson: You can hear me okay
LG Harmony 3: We're good. Yeah, like Chinese curtain behind you.
Dr Jameson: Oh, it's just a portable like room divider for
Dr Jameson: Yeah, you know,
LG Harmony 3: The sickness going on.
Dr Jameson: Can you just confirm your name and birthday, please.
LG Harmony 3: Winston Russell.
Dr Jameson: And are you put word. What state are you in Tennessee.
LG Harmony 3: Yes, ma'am.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: And you they explain to you that we obviously we're doing this by video but that we record these sessions and they get transcribed into sort of part of your, your chart.
LG Harmony 3: Yes, ma'am.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Um, okay, so are you.
Dr Jameson: New to to open our feet or have you already been to
LG Harmony 3: America. I've been on it.
LG Harmony 3: I was, I was on it, see if
LG Harmony 3: I have a rare disease called cliffs, the atonement and chronic mastoiditis
Dr Jameson: Mm hmm.
LG Harmony 3: And I've been through a few surgeries already and they have a man, and I've got some stuff in there right now and you dug out and I had to do that periodically and
LG Harmony 3: Being cut open is no fun and having holes drilled in your school on me. I just, I've just been going through hell. I mean, I didn't, I didn't diagnose almost 15 years after I had for us.
LG Harmony 3: And now I can't hear out of my hair, I have no typical
LG Harmony 3: Me just to spread pretty. Oh, they got that nice nice line a whole behind my ear. I mean, at least my ears covering up my store so I
LG Harmony 3: Mean, I'm supposed to post regularly get it cleaned out stuff which is not a nice
LG Harmony 3: Way.
You know that
Dr Jameson: Go ahead. Sorry.
LG Harmony 3: No, I just don't just been doing a lot of pain in that mean the main just when I when I when I finally came to them to understand and I needed immediate help will swear it to pull out my eardrum, and just, I mean it was nothing but white blood just
LG Harmony 3: Kept on flowing
LG Harmony 3: I had to drop me. My mother had a driving 30 miles to the nearest
LG Harmony 3: Hospital, which was that's our lesson for today. It was in the middle of nowhere, pretty much. And when they cut me open one of
LG Harmony 3: Me orange and they took care of me in. And I've tried to go through once more. Since then, and I'm supposed to have thorough. Thorough clean, like, you know, periodic clean
LG Harmony 3: Stone, but um yeah I have no eardrum and know temple bones and it's a cost and cost issues I've been messing with my balance. I know.
LG Harmony 3: And I just
LG Harmony 3: became disabled last year, I've been fighting it because of this issue.
LG Harmony 3: And but I have been young when I was in Arkansas. I was on deep north and and but all I had had to move because I was living like a mother and we just, we had to leave the state and I and I came back I came back home and
LG Harmony 3: Or Memphis, as long as he
LG Harmony 3: Came back here and I've
LG Harmony 3: Been fighting the courts. And finally, one that last year and and just trying to find something that goes goes with my, you know, healthcare me
Dr Jameson: Got it. Okay, so
Dr Jameson: You have pain, chronic pain in your ears. I take it.
LG Harmony 3: Yes I am, in my opinion, right side of my my head behind love my right ear mean right uh
Huh.
LG Harmony 3: It's a pretty ugly experience. I mean, I've got pictures.
LG Harmony 3: My surgery and I mean you can look it up and how awful it is
Dr Jameson: So no, no I don't, I don't, I believe, I believe.
LG Harmony 3: So I would wish on my worst enemy. And I don't really have any
Dr Jameson: Though, is that how you ended up using opioids are we
LG Harmony 3: Learning when I was a kid I died. You know, take to position that but I mean to stop. I've been away for have been antisocial for years and just
LG Harmony 3: cooked up, me and my dog was the time and it's pretty lonely and I've been trying to find a stable place today and it's just been thoroughly troubles over and I don't make enough money to and then some places won't take went to Oregon and I can leave my dog my better out
LG Harmony 3: Or my or my shadow. I'm sorry.
LG Harmony 3: Ladies and better
Dr Jameson: And I think you don't have a place to stay right now.
LG Harmony 3: What I do
LG Harmony 3: Is just I'm
Not
LG Harmony 3: It's
LG Harmony 3: It's not a good environment, but at least they're, they're not here. Most of the time and and
LG Harmony 3: And I don't trust those patches missing and stuff.
LG Harmony 3: And I don't, I don't know. Are they have any link will take you to my as nothing is as needed to get out of the situation I'm in, I've been looking for a
LG Harmony 3: Place to stay and
Dr Jameson: All kind of a place. Are you staying
LG Harmony 3: It's a house.
LG Harmony 3: With them. There's a couple of stayed here and I have the background and there, but they're usually there's a big dogs are usually out of town, some that have will bestow I've had issues you're getting along and I tried. I tried to get a home. Everybody best like and I mean we're
LG Harmony 3: Just I mean man made me feel my dog, you know, welcome, and he can't come out of my room. So I'm stuck in our room so I got considerable psychosis like crazy.
Dr Jameson: I'm terrible what
LG Harmony 3: Psychosis is
LG Harmony 3: Something I deal with and
Dr Jameson: What does that mean, how does that, how does that
Dr Jameson: affect you.
Will
LG Harmony 3: Make you a social or like I'm kind of nervous to be anyway here. I know.
LG Harmony 3: don't communicate to spend time with
LG Harmony 3: People, I would think you
LG Harmony 3: Would want to my dad. Me and him were ever since I got between me and him and my parents split. I mean, they are splitting up so I took my Mossad, I never seen him because
LG Harmony 3: He just, I don't understand why is that called communication between me and him but he's he's been he's been considerably mean to me and
LG Harmony 3: And he could have he could help me in my situation right you guys with the finger endings. He's got a he's got him phones and means, but I'm and myself and Mike and he still be an astronaut one nail me
LG Harmony 3: And we don't we don't have to lean towards family, his time at all. There's not not many mean I I got I got my brother is it yes he is. My, my, um, my, my of my see over whatever if
LG Harmony 3: He's, he's the one who take care of me.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so he's like your
Dr Jameson: Journey or yeah
LG Harmony 3: Over here. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Well, well, let's back up one second. Are you allergic to any medication.
LG Harmony 3: See here next to a few and
LG Harmony 3: I used to have it all in my head as see here slow bid effects or will nickel Darlington
Dr Jameson: I can't, I can't say that.
LG Harmony 3: I've been a big, big, big
LG Harmony 3: Clomid a slow bid.
LG Harmony 3: Is that as much
Dr Jameson: As
LG Harmony 3: SLO BRD
LG Harmony 3: Mia, you only keep going.
Dr Jameson: Okay, said Darlington effects or
LG Harmony 3: Will Nick to
Mexico.
LG Harmony 3: Like tiger toe.
LG Harmony 3: See here.
LG Harmony 3: Man, I
LG Harmony 3: Don't I don't think about that all day. I'm pretty sure
LG Harmony 3: I have to see a list of civil law since I've had name off my
Dr Jameson: Flow better bit is like ringing a very distant bell in my head, but it's not coming up in their computer when I type that in. Is it fi awful in
LG Harmony 3: Which one is
Dr Jameson: The first one, he said the slow
LG Harmony 3: Yes, asthma,
Dr Jameson: inhaler, though.
LG Harmony 3: I didn't get it in an inhaler. I got it. No breathing treatment.
LG Harmony 3: When I first
LG Harmony 3: Asked me to throw up all over the place. Just, I just don't anyone ever said
Dr Jameson: Maybe it was a trophy him.
Dr Jameson: I'm trying to think. I think that might be like an old medicine, that's not
LG Harmony 3: Me.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right. Um,
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then
Dr Jameson: Do you are you prescribed any medications right now.
LG Harmony 3: Yes, ma'am.
LG Harmony 3: city girl.
LG Harmony 3: Pointing from a blood pressure.
LG Harmony 3: On me for my seizures.
Dr Jameson: Second, hold on, hold on. Sorry.
Dr Jameson: You don't know. You don't know your quantity and don't see your point 1.2 point three, we
LG Harmony 3: Just changed me. I've been on point two three times a day for years. I mean, for more than a decade, really, I think my document messed up.
LG Harmony 3: Next time, but I'll, I'll try to be on point to three times a day.
LG Harmony 3: And saying goes through the Kony thing and the Gavin is 603 times a day.
Dr Jameson: So the, so the content is two milligrams
LG Harmony 3: Three times a day, man.
Dr Jameson: And then Gabba Penton three times the day
LG Harmony 3: I
LG Harmony 3: Remember on
Dr Jameson: That time right
LG Harmony 3: Yes, my name.
Is that
LG Harmony 3: You take doc spin
Dr Jameson: Hold on. Sorry, I can't
Dr Jameson: Hear your
LG Harmony 3: I'm sorry, I'm
Dr Jameson: Late. No, no, it's great that you have them all in your in your head, and you can rattle them off so fast, but I
Dr Jameson: Cannot type in click down drop down menus quite as fast as you
Dr Jameson: All right, Dr. Pin.
Dr Jameson: So 1025 would you take
LG Harmony 3: What milligrams
LG Harmony 3: No.
LG Harmony 3: I love the Dark Moon.
LG Harmony 3: What
LG Harmony 3: 200 or night.
Dr Jameson: Okay, take two of the hundreds. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay, anything else.
LG Harmony 3: I have been giving
LG Harmony 3: So then a filled
LG Harmony 3: With a chance. It's been giving me really bad.
LG Harmony 3: And I've been having issues with that along with all the
LG Harmony 3: Problems and health. My health issues caused all kinds of
Dr Jameson: Are you taking that every day or just
LG Harmony 3: You know, just
Dr Jameson: Regular right. Okay, got it. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Anything else
Dr Jameson: Any pain pills or what you're not on the Suboxone right now. Right.
LG Harmony 3: You're
LG Harmony 3: Not on what
Dr Jameson: Are you on Suboxone right now.
LG Harmony 3: Oh no, I
LG Harmony 3: Mean I
LG Harmony 3: Know a
LG Harmony 3: Great deal, help me out when I when I left the hospital last play helping with a few days for good.
LG Harmony 3: I've been all over
LG Harmony 3: Understand why so hard to get help and I and I don't want to go down the wrong road and make more bad
Dr Jameson: Okay.
So,
Dr Jameson: Your friend is giving you. You mean like they're letting they're giving you
Dr Jameson: Suboxone pills from there. Is that what you're saying.
LG Harmony 3: The film day
Dr Jameson: Okay.
LG Harmony 3: Yeah.
LG Harmony 3: I was since I got out.
Dr Jameson: And when were you in the hospital and why
LG Harmony 3: Is mental issues, ma'am. I just was dealing with psychosis and just
LG Harmony 3: I don't know. I'm me and my significant other issues that have
LG Harmony 3: Been back and forth.
Dr Jameson: So when you say psychosis. Tell me what
LG Harmony 3: You like I have no on and just been quite depressed.
Dr Jameson: Uh huh. When you, when you say psychosis.
What does that
Dr Jameson: Say things that are here, things are
LG Harmony 3: You
LG Harmony 3: Man.
Dr Jameson: Are you there.
LG Harmony 3: Had auditory and visual lose it don't work, but on psychosis say
Dr Jameson: Okay, do you get delusions or paranoia and stuff too.
LG Harmony 3: Just like you know in Central America. I mean, you see, you see these little poodles doing circles.
LG Harmony 3: Indicate that it's like, oh,
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Medication they're given you keep that under control. Are you still see them.
And
LG Harmony 3: I haven't had a problem with them and sometimes
LG Harmony 3: Your
LG Harmony 3: Loneliness pitch to me.
Dr Jameson: Me, My dog. Now, so it's more depression that got you in the hospital and you said lot was it last week.
LG Harmony 3: No name. It was like it was. It's been a couple months.
Dr Jameson: Since you're in the hospital.
LG Harmony 3: Yeah.
LG Harmony 3: It made me right on there. I can't believe the way they do.
LG Harmony 3: I
Dr Jameson: Have you actually have you had suicide attempt.
LG Harmony 3: Nails cover the camera.
Dr Jameson: That's okay.
Have you
Dr Jameson: Yes.
Dr Jameson: When our most. How long ago was the last time that you had one
LG Harmony 3: He
LG Harmony 3: Is around
LG Harmony 3: A year ago.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and what what what happened.
LG Harmony 3: I cut myself. It was a
LG Harmony 3: Year.
LG Harmony 3: Now bled
LG Harmony 3: Juice or there's less of bleed out until I got attention.
LG Harmony 3: Nah man, I've been
LG Harmony 3: A big case of sadness.
LG Harmony 3: Loneliness and really video
Dr Jameson: Sir,
Dr Jameson: How many
Dr Jameson: How many times have you
Dr Jameson: How many times have you tried to yourself.
LG Harmony 3: Well, I really couldn't give you an exact
LG Harmony 3: All the approximate. Yeah, but it's mostly been in past
Years. I mean, yeah.
LG Harmony 3: This
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: That's fine, just to get an idea.
LG Harmony 3: Yeah, I mean,
LG Harmony 3: Doing a good relationship with my dad. I mean,
LG Harmony 3: You
Dr Jameson: Know that that that's very that can be very upsetting.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you have high blood pressure, you have the
Dr Jameson: depression and psychosis and the coolest Steve toma
Dr Jameson: Nightmare in your ears.
Dr Jameson: Chronic mastoiditis yeah and any other
Dr Jameson: I guess just trouble sleeping, it sounds like I'm looking through your medications that you take it sounds like. I think that's is that cover it or have you had other medical conditions to
LG Harmony 3: And by Brian broken my my bag guys to go to braise and my Cox's bone.
LG Harmony 3: I did that when I was like 14 or something, it's still hard for me just and I had his own shot straight in my vertebrae and I mean they had to put their finger in my direct them to get the needle in their dish. Right.
LG Harmony 3: And it didn't help reporter home didn't help. I just, I've just been in pain, moving
LG Harmony 3: I mean, if it's not this and that and I and I'm man this I mean really tops. Everything is in
LG Harmony 3: His ear disease mean it's very rare and
LG Harmony 3: And I always I had bad value to get it, but I have something to dig out right now.
LG Harmony 3: It's scary stuff.
Dr Jameson: You're having an EMT that you work with now.
LG Harmony 3: Yes, ma'am. Okay.
LG Harmony 3: And other you need to speak to
LG Harmony 3: Him and get it done.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
LG Harmony 3: Cuz I'm about to dig it out myself a note the site. This thing you're doing
Dr Jameson: I probably wouldn't recommend that know
When
Dr Jameson: Have you had other operations. I know you've had several on your ear.
Dr Jameson: I guess.
LG Harmony 3: Team campaigning semantic mastery.
LG Harmony 3: It's only operations. I had
Okay.
LG Harmony 3: As much leaders, where they diagnosed me like a camera off my nose to the came out my hero. But that was highly diagnose me and and I still didn't get help for years after that and
LG Harmony 3: The way through it almost
LG Harmony 3: Feels like this. I woke up in hurt so bad. Not started hitting dress. Very good. I started crying.
LG Harmony 3: My mom was like, What's wrong with my mom is
LG Harmony 3: An
LG Harmony 3: agent who out on my face and
LG Harmony 3: Really
LG Harmony 3: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Alright, so
Dr Jameson: Let me
Dr Jameson: To
LG Harmony 3: You to me at T y AMP. A and
Dr Jameson: Uh huh.
Dr Jameson: Okay. All right. And then, are you a smoke the smoke cigarettes.
LG Harmony 3: Yes, ma'am. Me. I actually prefer debate it helped me start up you know just admin able to lately, oh, I lost my event or you are, but I was in new hospital recently, you know,
LG Harmony 3: How much
Dr Jameson: How much do so. Okay.
LG Harmony 3: Not even pitching.
LG Harmony 3: Like putting sugar.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then how about alcohol at all. So I'm in the past, never
LG Harmony 3: Know I
LG Harmony 3: Mean
LG Harmony 3: We I do show me.
Dr Jameson: So currently, so
LG Harmony 3: No, no alcohol just hot
Dr Jameson: Okay, do you spell.
Dr Jameson: out every day, or how much, how often
Occasionally,
LG Harmony 3: But
Dr Jameson: What does that
Dr Jameson: Does
LG Harmony 3: It waste least three times a week.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Be careful, because that can aggravate psychosis, you know,
LG Harmony 3: We don't need
Dr Jameson: You haven't noticed that
LG Harmony 3: No didn't notice that.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I mean, I mean,
Dr Jameson: Every buddies chemistry is different, but just be aware, there are some people were does seem to aggravate so be pay attention. If you start to see any connections there.
Dr Jameson: Are any other math or I know your take the Klonopin anyway. But, um, any other bendel's or math or cocaine or anything else.
LG Harmony 3: No, I mean, no. I mean, three years, I've tried everything that he was
LG Harmony 3: Just so humbling. I
LG Harmony 3: Don't you know I guess or in me.
LG Harmony 3: But I
LG Harmony 3: Do enjoy mushrooms. I cannot that
LG Harmony 3: Remain
LG Harmony 3: There needs to be legalized rain, just like really
Dr Jameson: What happened, what do you like about them.
LG Harmony 3: They make me a nicer version and make me more more open to people's feelings and give me more like
LG Harmony 3: Consideration or it's going on around me and
LG Harmony 3: And
LG Harmony 3: You know, leave a nice, I find it really hard to smile at times, which I just mean it's been like a year and a half. But I had, I had to have
LG Harmony 3: All my people.
LG Harmony 3: Are already busy enough traumatic stuff already. And I got it done. Volunteer clinic, but since I got insurance. They don't even cover.
LG Harmony 3: Dental and I have to wait until I get Medicare
Dr Jameson: Dancers i mean
LG Harmony 3: No, ma'am.
LG Harmony 3: I can't, I can't eat anything. I mean,
LG Harmony 3: I've lost so much weight.
LG Harmony 3: I just, I mean, I may, I can only soft stuff like maybe some fish are
LG Harmony 3: Not very many things and I'm inviting Joey I mean
Dr Jameson: It would imagine.
Dr Jameson: Okay. So you started out experimenting in high school was very various things. And then when did you start taking opiates every day.
I'm
LG Harmony 3: Here I went through a phase of
LG Harmony 3: You know, high school buddies in everybody who's or feeling at a time when I was doing other things. I mean,
LG Harmony 3: I but they turned me on. And it changed my life and work for me.
LG Harmony 3: Within every Friday to pick that up and then on the other hand, when I've done to medium.
LG Harmony 3: Disease. I have, I need to be medicated and stable. I don't, I don't need to be forgotten about me.
LG Harmony 3: And says, I call. I call it the hidden. The people you know me not most places you're I can go what country.
Dr Jameson: Are you talking about your ears. Yes. Okay, so sorry I'm not so you are using what in high school. And so in high school, you started using every day so
LG Harmony 3: When High School in towards in high school.
I
LG Harmony 3: had a friend that did mess around with heroin. I tried that and it you know I'd been done some of that. But, um,
LG Harmony 3: That was before I was diagnosed. I mean, I knew I had something wrong with over the years, or maybe I mean I've always had some kind of level of pain and and know what's going on.
LG Harmony 3: You know,
LG Harmony 3: Figure it out. I mean mean I knew what I had to say, hey, good chance they weren't good meals and talk to all
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: So you started using heroin before then the high school
LG Harmony 3: If we're yeah i mean i tried it, like in high school towards the in our school that was. It was running rampant then
LG Harmony 3: Did you graduate Faslane grade and then go back. Okay, but I have 29 credits ism is a ministry of labor.
LG Harmony 3: So only need like
More
LG Harmony 3: But I
LG Harmony 3: Call it
LG Harmony 3: I don't know how I'm going to finish those without doubt FAFSA. I mean, I, I've been through. I've had to move and just, you know, just really bad stuffs happening and
LG Harmony 3: Just
LG Harmony 3: I had to leave my concentration of writing papers with
LG Harmony 3: Me, I was
LG Harmony 3: Good. I mean, some exercise. I took an icicle was typing. I have and I could, I came here, heavy words you like type of mood, but I know I can type without looking at people. Okay.
Dr Jameson: That's nice.
LG Harmony 3: When I made I made the mistake of skipping my exams or failed it
Dr Jameson: Oh, no.
LG Harmony 3: Every person McDonald.
Dr Jameson: Well, who she had had a duo or for that don't yet.
Dr Jameson: I'm so sorry I'm just so I can get an idea of where you you were at when you started the Suboxone see we're using heroin.
LG Harmony 3: And I mean, for a while I was going to Methadone clinic and I
LG Harmony 3: Couldn't afford it anymore.
LG Harmony 3: And for some time.
LG Harmony 3: I was doing to a private doctor that was
LG Harmony 3: The way.
LG Harmony 3: And I just ever since I've had insurance. I just having trouble finding help me.
Dr Jameson: Oh, are you mainly where you mainly pills are mainly heroin or what
LG Harmony 3: I'm
LG Harmony 3: Missing pills. I mean,
LG Harmony 3: Really, I mean, I have
LG Harmony 3: Had some of the oxy color those like the liquid articles.
LG Harmony 3: I had that for a little while. But, I mean, it's been two years I've been all the opiates except this about
I mean,
Dr Jameson: Were you get it. Was it like pain prescription pills that you were really taking or like okay and then you buy some extra or
LG Harmony 3: No, no, I made I made my kitchen last I
LG Harmony 3: Ended up having to change date.
LG Harmony 3: And that was when I had arkansas Medicaid, but they cut it off for a mood states. Okay.
Dr Jameson: How come you had to leave Arkansas.
LG Harmony 3: Or me and my grandmother's pleasure, I hope, take care of her, but it
LG Harmony 3: Was a very big also getting too much for and
LG Harmony 3: Also, I left for a little while and I guess she does, she got really mean and
LG Harmony 3: Nasty.
Dr Jameson: Nasty about what
LG Harmony 3: She's young border with my mother now.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so see when you live in Arkansas. When you are getting the prescriptions for pain pills.
LG Harmony 3: Yes, ma'am.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so then you're left
LG Harmony 3: I was recently recently prescribed
LG Harmony 3: Steer 120 more tab chin and they were fine. I was fun, or even abusing me
Dr Jameson: That was per month to me.
Yes.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so that would be for a day.
Dr Jameson: Usually, okay.
Dr Jameson: Then last insurance in the world.
LG Harmony 3: Yeah, I had to move and so
Dr Jameson: And then what happened.
LG Harmony 3: Right had moved this
LG Harmony 3: Has been quite hectic and been every
Dr Jameson: Well, did you end up switching to
Dr Jameson: Heroin at that point or buying on the street or you went straight into the Methadone
LG Harmony 3: There's been sick me. I was a little bird and
LG Harmony 3: Then
Dr Jameson: After you lived in Tennessee or before you
LG Harmony 3: Know there's all when I was in Tennessee go all the
LG Harmony 3: Way I said I had gone with within a private doctor for it, but he passed away and and really that medicine work wonders me just tipped me off. I mean, I know Suboxone helps to but
LG Harmony 3: I just my preference. I'd rather have
Dr Jameson: Have you looked, I mean, are there any Methadone clinics around now that their insurance or
LG Harmony 3: Insurance does not cover. Yeah.
LG Harmony 3: I'm surprised I mean I've, I've been struggling and searching for some time.
Okay.
LG Harmony 3: Doing too real.
LG Harmony 3: I really need to write down my like a to
LG Harmony 3: Know how many I have
LG Harmony 3: Some I wouldn't think I worry about about myself, but
LG Harmony 3: Partially strangers and they've already stole from a boy.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so
Dr Jameson: How long ago did you start Suboxone
LG Harmony 3: Hearing my very first
LG Harmony 3: Of all
LG Harmony 3: It was
LG Harmony 3: Used in Arkansas and it will
LG Harmony 3: Go to Korea gave are you
Dr Jameson: Oh, so you did. You did that before you move to
LG Harmony 3: This thing.
LG Harmony 3: Right. And then I'm just, I didn't all have you working for Medicaid, so
LG Harmony 3: Yeah.
LG Harmony 3: Ok yeah the lead mistake.
Dr Jameson: Okay. So, see, see, we're doing a box on anymore to Tennessee, then it was methadone.
LG Harmony 3: won't mess those first. I never. I mean, I never went back and forth. So I was at the clinic and then I started seeing the primary care physician, which was a pain doctor to help
LG Harmony 3: Like I said he passed away and I just have not lost on tagged and
LG Harmony 3: Interior divorce and
LG Harmony 3: I got to watch myself parents board. I've just been to a lot of negative
LG Harmony 3: And my dad doesn't even talk to me really hurt. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Sounds like that's a
LG Harmony 3: And he knows me out in any name he wouldn't have any problem, you know, help me, but he's just, he's not he will fight you like
Dr Jameson: Do you know what your
Dr Jameson: Do you know what your dose of Suboxone has been
LG Harmony 3: A while and was
LG Harmony 3: Able to see three eight Tuesday.
Dr Jameson: And one of the most recent time that you had a prescription for that.
LG Harmony 3: It's been
LG Harmony 3: Shared towards the end of the year. Last year I had a prescription for you. You know, I think it's the same stuff, but it's a different company.
LG Harmony 3: That is up or feeling
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
LG Harmony 3: They never discussed
LG Harmony 3: Like a piece of steel to along
LG Harmony 3: Every
LG Harmony 3: Facet of their station.
LG Harmony 3: But it didn't mean it was. The doctor he gave he gave me which words and then I ended up in hospital disagree with that were to happen, a
LG Harmony 3: Single she was fairly new. I mean,
LG Harmony 3: There is where we help people and they're just they just made that craving for you and that medicated to say right
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so do you.
Dr Jameson: Are you using anything now since you said you haven't had a prescription for the Suboxone in some time.
LG Harmony 3: You get it and they're just
Dr Jameson: haven't had any lapses even though you don't have
LG Harmony 3: Liam, but there's been some times where, if it was enough. I was
LG Harmony 3: I was
LG Harmony 3: Just, just, I'm really ahead guys who've been a
LG Harmony 3: Little too seriously serious not slowing loneliness and it wasn't for my dog. I want you guys to crazy, but you can see things
LG Harmony 3: Like
LG Harmony 3: That
Dr Jameson: So do you have, what kind of symptoms of withdrawal. Do you have now.
LG Harmony 3: caustic claiming
LG Harmony 3: The lack of sleep.
LG Harmony 3: No appetite. No, no.
LG Harmony 3: It a
LG Harmony 3: Lot of negatives that and it definitely helped me though.
LG Harmony 3: I mean, like I said, I wish I was more compatible with that. Well, but it's been it's been years it's been over a decade since I've
Dr Jameson: Kind of
Grown
LG Harmony 3: I really need to get my buyer clean. I got some I have I have like
LG Harmony 3: Really bad blood discharged and stuff comes out of it. There's that problem.
LG Harmony 3: I need to get a clear
Dr Jameson: overdoses.
LG Harmony 3: Here.
LG Harmony 3: Thank you.
LG Harmony 3: Think I had to like
LG Harmony 3: Buy really
LG Harmony 3: Know is my first time.
LG Harmony 3: In our way to a treatment center for it.
LG Harmony 3: But, uh,
Dr Jameson: What is at that point.
Or heroin.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so how were you shooting it. How are you taking it.
Just made
Dr Jameson: So you get
LG Harmony 3: Going. I was just
LG Harmony 3: Right. Uh huh. So that was that was after the pain pills.
Dr Jameson: Before
LG Harmony 3: Yes, ma'am. I mean, you know, in there and then trying to figure out what's wrong with me and and just waiting to do something about it or
LG Harmony 3: It made me. I want to live or I don't mean I go to the ideas already because of my pain.
LG Harmony 3: I mean alone is to make sure the wars.
Dr Jameson: So how much heroin. Were you shooting at the peak.
LG Harmony 3: Two three chance and we have
Dr Jameson: But the last time you did that was
LG Harmony 3: Man, I haven't had any here, it's been
LG Harmony 3: See here 2020
LG Harmony 3: Wow.
LG Harmony 3: I might have had it once this decades but you know before that it was the early 2000s and my main, main issue with that was
LG Harmony 3: No. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then
Dr Jameson: Does anybody in your family suffer with substance abuse or alcohol problems.
LG Harmony 3: My mother, she yeah
Dr Jameson: She, she still living in such as in Florida.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And your dad. No.
LG Harmony 3: I
LG Harmony 3: Don't know a business. He's I just know as much, Bob. I mean, you know, I don't think he drinks, much more
Dr Jameson: And nothing else. What other drugs.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Okay. Any other health problems with him. So, you know,
LG Harmony 3: No problems with my parents.
Dr Jameson: With it with your dad.
Um,
LG Harmony 3: Yeah, I think you got blood pressure, just like either
LG Harmony 3: But I believe he has RA may been you know on umbrella and therefore guinea pig and stuff like that. But I mean, he's
LG Harmony 3: He's he just hormones me, man.
LG Harmony 3: And I just had to send them pictures. What surgery to sleep so you know my scope lotto. And I bring it taking things seriously still
LG Harmony 3: Very
Dr Jameson: Busy have mental illness.
LG Harmony 3: Narcissism
LG Harmony 3: Me. That's what my mom says
LG Harmony 3: Yes, you know, and everybody
Dr Jameson: And you mentioned a brother.
You have a brother.
LG Harmony 3: I had to look rather odd.
LG Harmony 3: Little brother he, him and his wife will need to have 11 at different times.
LG Harmony 3: Within a couple months of each other. They died message.
LG Harmony 3: Yeah, I mean, I've been over there and wait watching their kids for zoom for a couple days, almost wondering, where the hell are they and while I'm there, I'm walking around in there in the prevalence of the carpet and the border of law. I'm finding Xanax borders everywhere. I mean, my
LG Harmony 3: Shit, I
LG Harmony 3: You know, I picked it all up. So the good job.
Gary
Dr Jameson: You say your brother that's living. Was he an addict or no.
Yeah, there
Dr Jameson: Is no cover.
LG Harmony 3: Oh yeah, he's been deemed
Dr Jameson: Heroin also or something. Oh.
LG Harmony 3: Yeah, yeah. I mean, he's done everything amazed.
Dr Jameson: To see. I know.
Dr Jameson: He's methadone or Suboxone or anything.
LG Harmony 3: He's, he's he's been been been there for me. I mean, he's he's already got really
Dr Jameson: Well, Mom.
LG Harmony 3: Yeah, when the car. She's in Florida mean 600 miles away.
LG Harmony 3: I mean either there for a few years.
LG Harmony 3: It's not, I don't like it. I can
LG Harmony 3: Help
LG Harmony 3: Me live. This is not enough for me.
Dr Jameson: You know, like the yeah
Dr Jameson: I live in Florida, too. So
LG Harmony 3: I'm sorry.
Dr Jameson: OKAY TO EAT HER their own. They don't tell everybody what can live in Florida, so that's good. Well,
Dr Jameson: I'm down in the southwest.
Dr Jameson: And how tall are you,
Dr Jameson: And how much do you weigh
Dr Jameson: About
LG Harmony 3: Will I will employee I way to 21 now I'm down to like 168 maybe
LG Harmony 3: Just keep losing weight. I can eat.
LG Harmony 3: ahead, please. Yeah, possible fade depression. I can't, I can't do somebody hangs it and against my own. It hurts.
Dr Jameson: You have you done counseling on on like individual counseling.
LG Harmony 3: Yes, ma'am.
LG Harmony 3: There's a group called blood cells carrier, they
LG Harmony 3: They do somehow. So you have accounts are there.
LG Harmony 3: I need to reestablish my connection with them. But we'll see. I have. I had to go to to hear from doctors who different medicines and
LG Harmony 3: I'm just
LG Harmony 3: Trying to transfer everything to my my primary care physician have everything done there.
LG Harmony 3: Anything else
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Who is your primary dude, what's your primary care name name.
Dr Jameson: Have we do not have you given, have you signed a release to
Dr Jameson: Have records forwarded
LG Harmony 3: Oh, will mean for you.
Dr Jameson: Yeah okay I'm
Dr Jameson: Primary Care. Say it one more time. Dr. Susan what
Dr Jameson: Nelson Nelson and that's in Memphis.
Dr Jameson: Tennessee. Do you have a psychiatrist.
LG Harmony 3: Dr. Bill Brooke.
Dr Jameson: Be I ll
LG Harmony 3: Genius got one Ellen.
Dr Jameson: And I'm here. Okay.
LG Harmony 3: Be your UC Kathy.
LG Harmony 3: You see me.
Dr Jameson: Okay Phil, breath and then that's also a Memphis. Yes.
Dr Jameson: Did you have a regular thing. Like, do you have a specific therapist at this time or not right now.
LG Harmony 3: Um,
LG Harmony 3: Any I did but I'm trying to fix it and get it back on track. And since I spent time in the hospital. I wasn't able to renew my my patient visits or whatever. And in that like counseling group.
LG Harmony 3: I have, I have to read goes to intake.
Dr Jameson: Just a mass do any meetings or
LG Harmony 3: Me occasionally. I mean, here I am. I've actually chaired a meeting on
LG Harmony 3: Site analysis first stage, whatever, but I will never be an alcoholic.
LG Harmony 3: I don't like it.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, but I think the point is
Dr Jameson: A severe addiction and not necessarily matter which the substance of this
LG Harmony 3: I just I just switched in substances up, you know, and I was already two people, three of us. And lead, we got in front of all class.
LG Harmony 3: chaired the meeting.
LG Harmony 3: It was a unique situation or I'm not usually a leader or a hesitation.
LG Harmony 3: Or I just put it mean I went through two weeks. These docs and they put me in a 28 day program and and I made it all the way through it and that was part of my 28 day program and it was chairing the meeting and
Dr Jameson: When was that detox, long time ago, or
Wow.
LG Harmony 3: See here.
LG Harmony 3: Oh, whoops.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Have you been to other ones too.
Um,
LG Harmony 3: I've done the same one three towns.
Dr Jameson: Okay. So you went through the interface in three different times.
LG Harmony 3: Yes, ma'am. It's
LG Harmony 3: Awful hospital.
LG Harmony 3: They ain't right. I mean, they're playing with people's lives there, and they give me like
LG Harmony 3: Like
LG Harmony 3: You understand the detox protocols stuff. But why not give me my medication like a first year.
LG Harmony 3: We have been on for years is what we're not what I'm thinking. And I don't like that.
LG Harmony 3: Probably
LG Harmony 3: Told you soon our US I had my
LG Harmony 3: Medication they they drag on a
LG Harmony 3: Lot of, lot of
LG Harmony 3: Like it's pretty nice.
LG Harmony 3: Yeah, just trying to figure out my problem.
Dr Jameson: That is, unfortunately, sometimes the way that
Dr Jameson: We don't always have a way of figuring out what works best without trying for so it's in some people. The first thing you try it works great. And other people it's takes a really long time to find something that that
LG Harmony 3: Right there was one nation, they gave me
LG Harmony 3: Some new
LG Harmony 3: Things, the guinea pig name is Dan know throwing up all
LG Harmony 3: Right, I just hold the process that
Dr Jameson: Um, did you work before you got on disability.
LG Harmony 3: Yes, ma'am.
Dr Jameson: What kind of work.
LG Harmony 3: Will during the machine.
Dr Jameson: Oh, OK.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: It's a shame.
Dr Jameson: And then I did you say you're in a relationship. Now, or it's off again on again.
LG Harmony 3: Yeah, I was.
LG Harmony 3: Somewhat
Dr Jameson: Okay, so
LG Harmony 3: I mean, I'm having
LG Harmony 3: To be strong and be as
Dr Jameson: I say this again after in recovery or
LG Harmony 3: Yeah, she's, she's
LG Harmony 3: Covering
Dr Jameson: Okay. And then, what's your support system like
Dr Jameson: Your brother.
LG Harmony 3: Well, I get my brother.
LG Harmony 3: He said years old and a
LG Harmony 3: doggone
Dr Jameson: Thing here by
LG Harmony 3: Mean, he's an Oregon, which is like 27 miles away coast 30 miles away. But, but he still has to come to you see the hell name.
LG Harmony 3: Is overdue saying no groceries. I mean, as long as I have dogs.
LG Harmony 3: I can
LG Harmony 3: Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so
Dr Jameson: You've got you've been on this Suboxone in Tennessee.
LG Harmony 3: I
LG Harmony 3: Mean some, some places.
Dr Jameson: Have universal stuff, I guess, right.
LG Harmony 3: Ma'am.
Dr Jameson: The Bonneville stuff.
LG Harmony 3: Okay.
Dr Jameson: So my concern is sometimes insurance has like that, you know, to a day is kind of the average dose and then some places, they don't seem to be too.
Dr Jameson: keen to prescribe to have people take more than that.
Dr Jameson: So I'll write for three a day. But often, that means we need to get like a special form filled out. But prior authorization. It's called. And sometimes they'll they just deny any more than two a day. I don't know if this has ever happened to you before. Do you know
LG Harmony 3: As well.
LG Harmony 3: As
LG Harmony 3: Like in mail, you're probably rambled go see the doctor and
LG Harmony 3: Everything. So the dishes.
Dr Jameson: Every day, at one point, is that what you're saying.
Dr Jameson: How did that go
LG Harmony 3: I mean,
LG Harmony 3: When I was a kid, my
LG Harmony 3: Relationships and I ended up leaving Arkansas.
LG Harmony 3: What I'm sorry what I'm asking. It did you
Dr Jameson: Feel did. It did it. Keep your, your withdrawal symptoms.
LG Harmony 3: It did help definitely all day. That was after all these
LG Harmony 3: Views and like, like the oxy
LG Harmony 3: Drinking much though. I mean, yeah.
Dr Jameson: So, you know, as, as time goes on. The longer it's been since you've used opiates your, you know, your tolerance comes down. So sometimes you don't need as much Suboxone now you know at that point as you once did when you were first coming off of whatever heroin or
LG Harmony 3: I mean I can be started off with G. But I mean,
LG Harmony 3: It's so
Dr Jameson: Yeah, let's let's try that. And then, did they explain to you. So do you have any questions about how the medicine works.
LG Harmony 3: Um, I just know that, you know, leaving under much on or until it dissolves.
Dr Jameson: And you know what it does, though, and you're in your body.
LG Harmony 3: I got a pretty good idea
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so
LG Harmony 3: Read stuff about it.
Dr Jameson: Okay, I didn't make sure you you don't have any questions about that. Yes.
Dr Jameson: And then do they explain to you how are how our program works with the weekly groups and then
LG Harmony 3: Nine 9am or Wednesday. You don't mind my schedule.
Dr Jameson: Or you central or Eastern
Dr Jameson: Central okay it's 11am actually
LG Harmony 3: Okay, live are gonna
LG Harmony 3: Be okay. Yeah. That's better. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So you don't want to get up so early.
LG Harmony 3: Well,
LG Harmony 3: Anyway,
LG Harmony 3: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Well hopefully you'll be sleeping better once you're back on medication.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so I'm going to send enough medicine to get you through through Wednesday.
Dr Jameson: And then on Wednesday we have group again, I'll be there and I'll write you that we usually start out with a week at a time, but I just want to check on this dose and see if we see how we see how we
Dr Jameson: Got to do it enough to get to group and then it'll be a week. So between groups group to group I'm using the Kroger right
LG Harmony 3: Yes Man Kroger on Frasier Boulevard.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Now they get sometimes the farms and maybe it won't matter right now because of this pandemic and there's some lifting of some of the usual rules, but you know our company is headquartered in California, you maybe you know that maybe
Dr Jameson: So the prescription has a California address on it. And sometimes the pharmacists get upset about that and we have to call and explain how this all works.
Dr Jameson: So what I would suggest is after we hang up. I'm sending it right now. But after we're hang up. I would just give them a call. Make sure, first of all, they received a prescription for you occasionally things disappear and Internet. Internet land somewhere.
Dr Jameson: And then makes you know just ask any idea what time they they can
Dr Jameson: They can estimate what time it might be ready. And that's a good way to find out. Well, there's a forum. We need to get for the insurance or we have a question for the doctor or, you know, they may, if you get any sense that there's anything like that happening.
Dr Jameson: Give us a call. You can go back to the virtual clinic and just give them a heads up so we can try to either call them or watch for the form
Dr Jameson: To get it filled out more you
LG Harmony 3: Should never any insurance. Insurance probably
Dr Jameson: Well, the insurance can sometimes require this prior off.
Dr Jameson: Right. And so, and I don't know until we try different insurance are different. But part of the reason why I wanted to start you on two days because it usually that's less problematic than the higher doses are with insurance.
Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So, but I cannot tell you what what your insurance will or won't say and I can't tell you what the pharmacist will or won't say and again
Dr Jameson: The one good if there has to be some anything good about this COPPA at 19 thing they're allowing telemedicine now. No, no questions asked. So that helps us not have to try to
Dr Jameson: Sweet talk the pharmacist as much as we sometimes have to before, so
Dr Jameson: Hopefully, that won't that won't raise any eyebrows for them, it's still, it's still so new that there's quite a few places where the pharmacist.
Dr Jameson: You know, look at us funny.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so, so the the rules for group. I'm going to assign you to that Wednesday group at 11 but we'd like you to try to check in early. I think
Dr Jameson: Probably checked in early today, too. But it's even more important or either it's even more important when there's like seven or eight people all checking in at the same time that we get get
Dr Jameson: A head start. So if you can check in at 10 or even earlier. And then once you've got your code for the for the meeting. You can go do your own thing and then come back at actually at
LG Harmony 3: 11 same
Dr Jameson: Know it's different every week.
Dr Jameson: So yeah, so you have to check in, so that there are some
Dr Jameson: There are some surveys that they send you by email that they double check to make sure you filled out and if you were do for your drug screen and hadn't done it, they would have you do a drug screen. So there's different you know they've sought to make sure every all your
Dr Jameson: Pieces are all your ducks are in a row, so to speak, you
Dr Jameson: Did they did you figure out what their plan for your labs.
LG Harmony 3: Man.
Dr Jameson: Do you know where you're going to do them that they
Dr Jameson: Okay. Nobody said anything to you about doing blood work.
LG Harmony 3: And it won't work.
Dr Jameson: Typically we do that. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Let me see if there's an order in here.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, it looks like they sent an order to quest, you know if there's a quest labs nearby.
LG Harmony 3: Oh, look it up, it seems that sounds familiar. I think we probably a few of them around.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, we have to
Dr Jameson: Make sure they have an order for you in their system, and also because of the weirdness of the world right now. Sometimes they're not just double check that they're letting people walk in there right now. They may not be doing things normal
Dr Jameson: So that once we have your event. So the general the general plan is that people get their blood work. They go to the lab within the first week get
Dr Jameson: blood work and then a urine done and then after that we just do a monthly drug screen urine, which you can do at home because we mail you a cup.
Dr Jameson: Okay, though it's not too difficult.
Dr Jameson: And then you're going to meet at will make an appointment. Not yet. But we'll make an appointment with a counselor to have a an initial
Dr Jameson: Evaluation with one of our counselors and either you can either be meeting with a counselor with us, or you can leave meeting with a counselor nearby where you live, sometimes you know someone like you, who has kind of several levels here layers of things.
Dr Jameson: Not just the addiction, but also
Dr Jameson: Mental illness.
Dr Jameson: It may be that you
LG Harmony 3: Guys go from
Dr Jameson: Sure, but it may be that you meet with more than one counselor, depending, you know, one, one that talks more about addiction and one that talks about, I don't know.
Dr Jameson: But that's part of what the initial evaluation with the counselor will determine what the plan will be what the, what the recommendation is
So then
Dr Jameson: A couple little things about group on do you have headphones or earbuds or something.
Yeah.
LG Harmony 3: Well,
LG Harmony 3: Okay, we just
Dr Jameson: We require those in the group because there's other for privacy, there's other people talking and we we don't want
Dr Jameson: What somebody saying getting, you know, sent out to your roommates or whoever else might be in within earshot, so
Dr Jameson: If you can just have your phones or headphones or something in place one year come in a group, that would be great. And we asked people not to smoke during group because some people are either quitting or have recently quit and we don't want to aggravate you make things uncomfortable.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so I sent the prescription for you.
Dr Jameson: You do need to be a group to get a refill. Okay, just to be very clear.
Dr Jameson: If you're unable to something comes up, you have an appointment or you're throwing up or something happens, just give us a call. Just know what's going on, ahead of time so we can plant make an alternate plans or
Dr Jameson: Just
Dr Jameson: Me, right, we need to hear ahead of time, as opposed to after the fact.
Dr Jameson: You okay
Dr Jameson: And then attendance and you know getting labs done and doing drug screens all those things, you know, are sort of like expected as part of the deal here like, you know,
Dr Jameson: You got to do your part. And then we'll do our part.
Dr Jameson: Over time, when you're coming to group every week for a couple months, and you've done your visits and you're keeping up with everything. We'll start sending prescriptions for two weeks at a time. So you do get sort of graduate to to even as much as a month at a time. If things are really
Dr Jameson: Nice and level so that that is that is the goal, but we need to make sure that we're, we're all on the same page at first.
LG Harmony 3: Make sure you can be seeing the meaning you say okay 11 central
Dr Jameson: Eastern but that's 11 Central. Yeah. And if yeah if you can check in at 10 that would be fabulous.
LG Harmony 3: Will do.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: We don't do them necessarily really often, but we also sometimes you pill counts. Did you ever do that with your other programs.
LG Harmony 3: At one point, yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so, and in this case it's kind of, you know, can be really on the spot because we can just like call you up to be like, Okay, let's see here. You don't have to, you don't
Dr Jameson: Have to drive into us to see it's kind of
Dr Jameson: You know right spot so
Dr Jameson: If you have a safe place to store your medication.
LG Harmony 3: Yes, ma'am.
Dr Jameson: All right. When did you see your psychiatrist. Again, or what's where it's what's that
LG Harmony 3: Yeah, I had to be reassessed and and get into in that program again but I
LG Harmony 3: Mean I have a regular doctor and I mean I could see about getting into seeing a counselor at my regular doctor, too. So I guess I could just like not not worry about so
LG Harmony 3: You can clap my primary care.
Dr Jameson: Uh huh. So sounds like you have a pretty good relationship with her.
Dr Jameson: OK. OK.
Dr Jameson: OK, I will probably request some records, just to kind of make sure you seem like you got
Dr Jameson: Your medicines and all that does is right on the tip of your tongue. I'm not necessarily to worry but just to make sure there isn't any important information that I didn't ask a question that you know something I would be helpful for me, you know, or vice versa. So
Dr Jameson: And then there. Then there are where you're working with us to which I think is, you know, the more open, we are, I think, the better.
Dr Jameson: You mentioned something before we when we were first talking about legal stuff did you are you having legal
Dr Jameson: No. Okay. You said something about the plumbing with the state.
LG Harmony 3: Of change. I mean, I lost my interest because I changed day
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: But you haven't spent any you haven't been arrested or been in jail or
LG Harmony 3: Not
Dr Jameson: At some point, but not lately. Okay, so you're not on parole. This is another nothing's like court ordered or anything. Right.
LG Harmony 3: No, ma'am. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Do you have kids. I didn't ask you that, either.
LG Harmony 3: I have one.
LG Harmony 3: He is in Florida, man. I see.
Dr Jameson: Does he live with your ex.
LG Harmony 3: Is my mother.
Your mom.
LG Harmony 3: Most of the job.
Dr Jameson: How old is he
Dr Jameson: Part of Florida, then
LG Harmony 3: Paying handle called in a bar just small town between Pensacola and Walton industry.
Dr Jameson: Oh, okay. Unless they smell.
Dr Jameson: All right.
LG Harmony 3: I didn't like it's too hot down there.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so does your mom have like custody of him officially or
LG Harmony 3: Know the baby's mother and and she is
LG Harmony 3: Will mean woman, ma'am. And I just have, I have had an email communication not been able to see
LG Harmony 3: Like us being Tucker mouse later either
Dr Jameson: But your ex has, it has some stay with your mom, most of the time. Yeah.
LG Harmony 3: That's, that's usually how
LG Harmony 3: Would I or my mother.
LG Harmony 3: I guess she recently.
Dr Jameson: Is your X also an addict or
LG Harmony 3: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: In recovery. I
LG Harmony 3: Have been away for
LG Harmony 3: A year years
LG Harmony 3: Seven years yeah I had, I had my kid Julie was almost five
LG Harmony 3: And then she had
LG Harmony 3: The false charges on the end. You know, I was just walked
LG Harmony 3: Her jerk. Avoid out of my hand and skinned his knee. And of course the fingers pointed at me.
LG Harmony 3: And I was just trying to get them away from somebody that won't stop saying, Okay, well, you know, just meters hill to the kids. When I am a bad memories.
LG Harmony 3: And I really
Dr Jameson: I just thought it was interesting that she would have your mom taking care of him.
LG Harmony 3: Well, my mom, you know, hold your tongue, and she can spend time with my son and cheese. Cheese and medium whatever me but
LG Harmony 3: That's there's there's no communicate that
LG Harmony 3: My mom. Maybe that's why she doesn't know just to have time with my son.
LG Harmony 3: And she will see me and that's my only possibility to
Dr Jameson: Well, it's good. I mean, that's good. I just curious.
Dr Jameson: Why that would be
Dr Jameson: Going on.
Dr Jameson: Okay, do you have any questions for me. I've asked you about a bazillion so
LG Harmony 3: Oh, I guess you say you've already
LG Harmony 3: type stuff in, or whatever. Yeah.
LG Harmony 3: Yeah.
LG Harmony 3: Oh, right. Well thankfully insurance.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Well, usually they do. I know.
Dr Jameson: I know that they
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I mean, usually they cover. It's just, it's just an answer the question is more. Do they need make us for fill a form out first, or they just
Dr Jameson: Pay for it so
LG Harmony 3: Yeah, that, that, that they covered that. But
LG Harmony 3: That stuff.
LG Harmony 3: really nasty. I don't know what's a different
LG Harmony 3: Combination of ingredients in there.
Dr Jameson: Well, I think it's the same ingredients. It's just a different formulation. So yeah, things like taste and smell.
Dr Jameson: That sort of thing are different, but
LG Harmony 3: Like sale feeling go but
Dr Jameson: Ok, alright. So, we will see you on Wednesday and
Dr Jameson: Yeah check in around 10 the the way the group works. We have a counselor named Michelle.
Dr Jameson: And she runs a group. I'll do like a quick check in with everyone as they as we when we first start to see who needs refills, and who, you know, that kind of thing. And still, usually I know we've been talking about quarantines and pandemics a lot lately here but
Dr Jameson: We will usually there's some sort of topic about recovery skills or something.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, and then
Dr Jameson: We go around the room. So you're invited to a quarter to contribute or participate if you're not really comfortable, especially in your first week.
Dr Jameson: That's okay, too. So you just say
Dr Jameson: You know,
Dr Jameson: And then we usually I think she's tends to open with everybody going around saying something they're grateful for. I think my other cancer ends with bad. So that's the one time we probably would ask you to find something to say.
Dr Jameson: But other than that, it's meant to be sort of a supportive
Dr Jameson: Connection, you know, to other people that are, you know,
Dr Jameson: Struggling with similar issues sometimes there are similarities. Sometimes there are not but but the point is that everyone kind of just has an understanding on some level of of of one another and
Dr Jameson: Hopefully it's a it's an uplifting, sort of, you know, experience. So that's the goal anyway.
LG Harmony 3: Sounds good.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so we will see you on Wednesday. But be in touch at the virtual clinic. If there's any problems with pharmacy or
Dr Jameson: Have it in stock or something like that.
LG Harmony 3: I call me now.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I would just, just give them an apology to ask
Dr Jameson: Emily. How's it going,
Dr Jameson: See, see how they see, what they say. Make sure they sound like everything's on on track.
Dr Jameson: OK. OK.
LG Harmony 3: So,
LG Harmony 3: My next point was, you read this, I do meeting.
Dr Jameson: Or so I just I come to the group. So I usually we just see each other within the context of the group unless there's some other issue, but you have another doctor that does all your other meds. So it's usually it's not so much of an issue when
Dr Jameson: When you've already been on a medicine we kind of already know what your doses and you know how it works. And when someone is brand new. And we're just starting and having to like adjust the dose and all that. Sometimes we do more individual
LG Harmony 3: That make sense. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so I'll see you on Wednesday.
LG Harmony 3: Okay.
Dr Jameson: It was nice to meet you.
Sugar.
Dr Jameson: No problem. Take care.
LG Harmony 3: How to Get out of here. Yeah, I figured out yesterday.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
LG Harmony 3: I'll figure it out and
Dr Jameson: You have to like top your screen to get the little leave
LG Harmony 3: Where you
Dr Jameson: Come up. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
LG Harmony 3: I'll call it sort of see, see if everything good
Dr Jameson: Perfect, thank
LG Harmony 3: You appreciate it.
Dr Jameson: No problem season.
LG Harmony 3: Will see me or bye
Bye.
Dr Jameson: Got it.
LG Harmony 3: Yeah. You still there. Thank you.
Dr Jameson: Did you find the leave meeting button.
LG Harmony 3: You only get back in here. There you are. Okay, I got to leave button.
Dr Jameson: No, no, that's fine.
LG Harmony 3: Right.
LG Harmony 3: Bye Bye bye.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so this was Russell Wilson. Wilson, hold on.
Dr Jameson: To Winston Russell.
Dr Jameson: Russell Wilson.
Dr Jameson: The quarterback Winston Russell's 12 676 here first. History physical
Dr Jameson: This is a 42 year old gentleman.
Dr Jameson: With a fairly extended history of opiate
Dr Jameson: Use starting back in high school.
Dr Jameson: He's a poor historian, so it's difficult to
Dr Jameson: Fully
Dr Jameson: Detail
Dr Jameson: Every aspect but sounds like he was experimenting with opiates in high school, including heroin.
Dr Jameson: He has
Dr Jameson: A condition in his ear, which makes it prone to
Dr Jameson: Infection and blockage and in fact has had several episodes of mastoiditis and required surgery. It's very painful. So he's had chronic pain as well.
Dr Jameson: So he was prescribed opiates. At some point, Laura tabs.
Dr Jameson: 40 milligrams a day, which he took
Dr Jameson: I wasn't able to to specifically
Dr Jameson: Detail
Dr Jameson: The timeline. But at some point, he was using heroin. He's had some overdose.
Dr Jameson: Overdose scares in the past.
Dr Jameson: Has been in a methadone clinic has been treated with Suboxone
Dr Jameson: He had lived in Arkansas for quite a while, but now is in Tennessee.
Dr Jameson: Most recently, he's
Dr Jameson: been treated with
Dr Jameson: Yun avail, but I really didn't like the taste.
Dr Jameson: Period his prior Suboxone those was eight to three a day. But he hasn't had a prescription for she hasn't had any buprenorphine now for a number of months, period.
Dr Jameson: He's currently experiencing withdrawal, including
Dr Jameson: cold and clammy insomnia and Asha.
Dr Jameson: Their lack of appetite.
Dr Jameson: He has undergone inpatient treatment on at least three different occasions, but this is in the year over a decade ago.
Dr Jameson: He actually
Dr Jameson: Indicates that he prefers methadone, but his insurance is not covering that currently
Dr Jameson: Period.
Dr Jameson: He's had some housing insecurity. He's currently renting a room in the house with people. He has
Dr Jameson: Some suspicions about some of his his his belongings have disappeared.
Dr Jameson: He has a dog.
Dr Jameson: Was very important to him.
Dr Jameson: He's been in the hospital. More recently related psychiatric hospital. More recently,
Dr Jameson: And again I he was a little vague. I think that was a few months ago, but it's hard to get that pin down exactly period. He states that he has psychosis, which in causes, I guess, auditory and visual hallucinations.
Dr Jameson: He's had a number of remote suicide attempts.
Dr Jameson: Most recently,
Dr Jameson: A good number of several years ago or well over a year ago, I guess, he said, where he cut himself.
Dr Jameson: He has had counseling locally, but it's not act is not currently seeing a counselor regularly.
Dr Jameson: past medical history and etc. I tried to
Dr Jameson: Fill in their review of systems.
Dr Jameson: At those withdrawal symptoms mentioned, he's got chronic headache and chronic ear pain.
Dr Jameson: In balance issues.
Dr Jameson: But otherwise resistance is negative physical exam I put his height and weight.
Dr Jameson: He is mental status is
Dr Jameson: It's a little bit tangential
Dr Jameson: And he's definitely
Dr Jameson: Almost per server rates on on the fact that he's had your troubles and
Dr Jameson: Pain and
Dr Jameson: The speeches fluent and well formed this thought process appears normal no evidence currently of auditory or visual hallucination.
Dr Jameson: Seems to focus on the negative and
Dr Jameson: Lots of looking to external sources to solve problems.
Dr Jameson: Physical mainly normal he's essential this
Dr Jameson: But otherwise normal or you d severe, number one. Number two, psychotic disorder and iOS.
Dr Jameson: Number three, chronic pain.
Dr Jameson: Related to coalesce de Tomas prior surgeries and
Dr Jameson: Previous back fracture.
Dr Jameson: Plan.
Dr Jameson: Patient has previously.
Dr Jameson: Benefited from him at and continues to have withdrawal symptoms which
Dr Jameson: Put him at high risk for relapse period. I think he's a good candidate for Suboxone
Dr Jameson: Given its safety profile. We will start with eight flash to two a day as it's been some time since he's use an opiate
Dr Jameson: For his report period.
Dr Jameson: I sent a prescription for number six know we feel just a bridge to our his first group which will be the day after tomorrow.
Dr Jameson: He needs to get labs done I reviewed our sister program structure and basic guidelines him need a bio psychosocial i'd like to obtain old records from primary care and possibly treatment center treatment if we can
Dr Jameson: Get them.
Dr Jameson: He's previously used the locks on without side effect he
Dr Jameson: is familiar with how it works.
Dr Jameson: I don't think precipitate withdrawal is a concern, as he denies any recent use of opiates.
Dr Jameson: He'll definitely benefit from counseling. I'm a little concerned about is
Dr Jameson: I suspect you may have personality disorder.
Dr Jameson: Which may present some challenges.
Dr Jameson: That's the end.
Dr Jameson: If you can just add also I
Dr Jameson: Searched
Dr Jameson: I ran a report in the Tennessee PD MP, there were no entries
Dr Jameson: listed under this patient's name.